HR Management System for SMEs
Description
HRM is a web based HR management system that covers the needs of SMEs for managing their employees and the recruitment process. The system is built on Laravel 5.3.

Available functions:

Settings (General settings related to features that will be used in the system. It includes setting up document templates for later use.)
PIM (Personal information management for employees and candidates.)
Leave (Managing leave and defining holidays.)
Time (Managing time logs and projects.)
Recruitment (Managing recruitment reports.)
Discipline (Defining disciplinary cases for inadequate behaviours.)
Installation
The system is built on top of Laravel 5.3, so to proceed with the installation you will need a machine that complies with Laravel's requirements. Follow the steps below to quickly set up the application.

Dedicate a domain/subdomain to the project and set up the virtual host accordingly.
On the command line, run composer install to install all dependencies, and then composer dump to autoload the needed files.
Create a database that will be used for the application purposes.
Copy the .env.example file on the root of the app to a new file named .env. Update the database fields according to your local setup and set the APP_KEY.
On the command line, run php artisan key:generate
Still in the command line, run php artisan migrate to create the needed tables.
Possible errors: if the app is not working at this point, there are probably some permission errors.
Check /storage permissions - the storage folder on the root of the app should be writable by the application. Make sure the permissions are set correctly.
Check /bootstrap/cache permissions - this folder should also be writable. Make sure the permissions are set correctly.
At this point you should have the app up and running. Hit yourdomain/register to open the registration screen for creating an admin user. This is a one time setup and the credentials set here will be used for authenticating before using the system.